Add back defaultEntryPoints setting (for HTTP/TCP) (#9100)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/reference/static-configuration/cli-ref.md

`--entrypoints.<name>.address`:  
Entry point address.

`--entrypoints.<name>.defaultset`:  

> Defines whether to add this EntryPoint to the default set. (Default: ```false```)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flags this EntryPoint to be used by default when placing a router configuration that does not specify one. (Default: ```false```)
```

> Flag Entrypoint to be use by default on routers that don't have any Entrypoint defined. (Default: ```false```)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Asdefault adds the entrypoint to the list of entrypoints that are used by default on routers that don't have any Entrypoint defined. (Default: ```false```)
```
